Jesus Christ was a historical figure of staggering influence,
perhaps the most enigmatic and inspirational leader the world has ever seen.
As the prophesied Messiah, Jesus toppled kings, inspired millions, and founded new philosophies.
As a descendant of the lines of King Solomon and King David, Jesus possessed a rightful claim 
to the throne of the King of the Jews. Understandably, His life was recorded by thousands 
of followers across the land.«More than eighty gospels were considered for the New Testament,
and yet only a relative few were chosen for inclusion – Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John among them.
The fundamental irony of Christianity! The Bible, as we know it today, was collated by the pagan
Roman emperor Constantine the Great.He was a lifelong pagan who was baptized on his deathbed, too weak to protest.
In Constantine’s day, Rome’s official religion was sun worship – the cult of Sol Invictus,
or the Invincible Sun – and Constantine was its head priest.
Three centuries after the crucifixion of Jesus Christ, Christ’s followers had multiplied exponentially.
Christians and pagans began warring, and the conflict grew to such proportions that it threatened to rend Rome in two.
Constantine decided something had to be done. In 325 A. D. , he decided to unify Rome under a single religion.Christianity.
Constantine was a very good businessman. He could see that Christianity was on the rise, and he simply backed the winning horse.
Constantine converted the sun-worshipping pagans to Christianity.By fusing pagan symbols, dates, and rituals into the
 growing Christian tradition, he created a kind of hybrid religion that was acceptable to both parties.
 The vestiges of pagan religion in Christian symbology are undeniable. Egyptian sun disks became the 
 halos of Catholic saints. Pictograms of Isis nursing her miraculously conceived son Horus became 
 the blueprint for our modern images of the Virgin Mary nursing Baby Jesus. And virtually all 
 the elements of the Catholic ritual – the miter, the altar, the doxology, and communion, 
 the act of» God-eating» – were taken directly from earlier pagan mystery religions.
 Nothing in Christianity is original. The pre-Christian God Mithras – called 
 the Son of God and the Light of the World – was born on December 25, died,
 was buried in a rock tomb, and then resurrected in three days. By the way,
 December 25 is also the birthday of Osiris, Adonis, and Dionysus.
 The newborn Krishna was presented with gold, frankincense, and myrrh.
 Even Christianity’s weekly holy day was stolen from the pagans.
 Originally, Christianity honored the Jewish Sabbath of Saturday, but Constantine shifted it
 to coincide with the pagan’s veneration day of the sun.until that moment in history, 
 Jesus was viewed by His followers as a mortal prophet… a great and powerful man, 
 but a man nonetheless. A mortal. Not the Son of God. 
 Jesus’ establishment as ‘the Son of God’ was officially proposed and voted on by the Council of Nicaea.
 Christ as Messiah was critical to the functioning of Church and state.
 Many scholars claim that the early Church literally stole Jesus from His original followers,
 hijacking His human message, shrouding it in an impenetrable cloak of divinity, and using it to expand their own power.
 Because Constantine upgraded Jesus’ status almost four centuries after Jesus’ death, thousands of documents already
 existed chronicling His life as a mortal man. To rewrite the history books, Constantine knew he would need a bold stroke.
 Constantine commissioned and financed a new Bible, which omitted those gospels that spoke of Christ’s human traits
 and embellished those gospels that made Him godlike. The earlier gospels were outlawed, gathered up, and burned.
 
/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*
At the "Last Supper" Sophie watch what all supper participants had own a glass of wine, including Christ. Moreover,
the cups were tiny, stemless, and made of glass. There was no chalice in the painting. No Holy Grail.
The Bible and standard Grail legend selebrate this moment  as definitive arrival of the Holy Grail.
Oddly, Da Vinci appears to have forgotten to paint the Cup of Christ.
Holy Grail is not a thing.It is a person.The Holy Grail is a women, in fact.
The Holy Grail is Mary Magdalene the mother of the royal bloodline of Jesus Christ.
Mary Magdalene was pregnant when Christ was crucified. She is the chalice of Jesus blood.
This fact was critical and dangerous for the Church well-being.
Christ divinity was powerful ally for the Church.
On the one hand it rejected rightful claim to the throne of the King of the Jews as a 
descendant of the lines of King Solomon and King David.
On the other hand it gave people only one approved sacred channel to God.
Channel from Church. More then 2000 years The Church try to hide the truth and erase all evidence of
Jesus's mortal life.
In contrast the Church exists other organisation which main goal is reveal
the truth in right time, protect the document and tomb of Mary Magdalene and descendants of Holy Blood.
This is Priory of Syon.
 
 